README.md, before:

# Plugin Developer's Toolbox

A collection of useful functions for plugin developers. I use it in the development of the
idea-multimarkdown plugin.

[![GitQ](https://gitq.com/badge.svg)](https://gitq.com/vsch/PluginDevelopersToolbox)

[Version Notes]

## Version 1.0 Initial Release

For now it is just one extremely useful function if you use [Slicy] for extracting icon images
from PSD files.

![Screen Shot sequence](assets/images/ScreenShot_sequence_4x.png)

### Slicy File Post-Processor

[Slicy] from [macrabbit] extracts individual icons from PSD files containing layer groups with
specific names. It will also create @1x icons from @2x icons for file names that end in @2x.ext
and will put extracted icons in subdirectories if the parent layer group ends in /.

Why bother? If you maintain a plugin, then you will need to create 4x icons for every icon used
in the IDEA: @1x light, @1x dark, @2x light, @2x dark. Each with a proper naming convention, so
the IDEA recognizes them as retina and scheme type.

Slicy is an awesome tool that will let you create a single PSD file with multiple icon images
and monitor the file to automatically export the icons when the file changes. It will also
generate @1x images from @2x images if a @1x image was not provided in the file. This cuts the
number of images to maintain in half.

The plugin augments this in the following way:

1. The slicy naming convention does not match IDEA for darcula @2x icons. So the plugin will
   rename any newly created image files matching `fileName_dark@2x.ext` to
   `fileName@2x_dark.ext`, where ext is `.png`, `.jpg`, `.jpeg` or `.gif`.

2. For each icon you need to create 2 layer groups: `fileName@2x.ext` and
   `fileName_dark@2x.ext`. This may not seem like much but when you add a new icon you need to
   copy and rename 2 layer groups, and make sure you match the naming convention for each layer.
   This plugin will let you just create a template of layer groups to be reused for each icon:

       iconName.+/
           +@2x.png
               icon layers go here
           _dark@2x.png
               icon layers go here

    To create a new icon, you only have to duplicate the iconName.+/ group and rename it to
    newIconName.+/ group. When you save the file Slicy will do its thing and create the
    following files, in whatever directory you originally told it to save the icons:

        directory/
            iconName.+/
                +@2x.png
                +.png
                _dark@2x.png
                _dark.png
            newIconName.+/
                +@2x.png
                +.png
                _dark@2x.png
                _dark.png

    Now the plugin will come into action and transpose the above into what the IDEA will
    recognize as a set of 2 icons with normal, retina, default and darcula scheme variations:

        directory/
            iconName@2x.png
            iconName.png
            iconName@2x_dark.png
            iconName_dark.png
            newIconName@2x.png
            newIconName.png
            newIconName@2x_dark.png
            newIconName_dark.png

[macrabbit]: http://www.macrabbit.com
[Slicy]: http://www.macrabbit.com/slicy    
[Version Notes]: /resources/META-INF/VERSION.md

Commit message:

add plugin enable per project setting

README.md, after:

# Plugin Developer's Toolbox

A collection of useful functions for plugin developers. I use it in the development of the
idea-multimarkdown plugin.

[![GitQ](https://gitq.com/badge.svg)](https://gitq.com/vsch/PluginDevelopersToolbox)

[Version Notes]

## Version 1.1 Release

:warning: The plugin now has a project setting to enable its operation under settings (Preferences) >
Tools > Plugin Developer's Toolbox. It is disabled by default not to interfere with projects
that do not need its functionality.

## Version 1.0 Initial Release

For now it is just one extremely useful function if you use [Slicy] for extracting icon images
from PSD files.

![Screen Shot sequence](assets/images/ScreenShot_sequence_4x.png)

### Slicy File Post-Processor

[Slicy] from [macrabbit] extracts individual icons from PSD files containing layer groups with
specific names. It will also create @1x icons from @2x icons for file names that end in @2x.ext
and will put extracted icons in subdirectories if the parent layer group ends in /.

Why bother? If you maintain a plugin, then you will need to create 4x icons for every icon used
in the IDEA: @1x light, @1x dark, @2x light, @2x dark. Each with a proper naming convention, so
the IDEA recognizes them as retina and scheme type.

Slicy is an awesome tool that will let you create a single PSD file with multiple icon images
and monitor the file to automatically export the icons when the file changes. It will also
generate @1x images from @2x images if a @1x image was not provided in the file. This cuts the
number of images to maintain in half.

The plugin augments this in the following way:

1. The slicy naming convention does not match IDEA for darcula @2x icons. So the plugin will
   rename any newly created image files matching `fileName_dark@2x.ext` to
   `fileName@2x_dark.ext`, where ext is `.png`, `.jpg`, `.jpeg` or `.gif`.

2. For each icon you need to create 2 layer groups: `fileName@2x.ext` and
   `fileName_dark@2x.ext`. This may not seem like much but when you add a new icon you need to
   copy and rename 2 layer groups, and make sure you match the naming convention for each layer.
   This plugin will let you just create a template of layer groups to be reused for each icon:

       iconName.+/
           +@2x.png
               icon layers go here
           _dark@2x.png
               icon layers go here

    To create a new icon, you only have to duplicate the iconName.+/ group and rename it to
    newIconName.+/ group. When you save the file Slicy will do its thing and create the
    following files, in whatever directory you originally told it to save the icons:

        directory/
            iconName.+/
                +@2x.png
                +.png
                _dark@2x.png
                _dark.png
            newIconName.+/
                +@2x.png
                +.png
                _dark@2x.png
                _dark.png

    Now the plugin will come into action and transpose the above into what the IDEA will
    recognize as a set of 2 icons with normal, retina, default and darcula scheme variations:

        directory/
            iconName@2x.png
            iconName.png
            iconName@2x_dark.png
            iconName_dark.png
            newIconName@2x.png
            newIconName.png
            newIconName@2x_dark.png
            newIconName_dark.png

[macrabbit]: http://www.macrabbit.com
[Slicy]: http://www.macrabbit.com/slicy
[Version Notes]: /resources/META-INF/VERSION.md
